As I said, Kobe, it hasn't even
officially been a year since your last
game as a Laker, but uh and I'm
struggling to think of you as retired.
So, tell us how is retirement treating
you? You know, it's funny. It's more
like a like a transition. You know, I
retired from the game of basketball, but
then you I've since picked up uh you
know, a different industry. You know,
the investment industry has been
something I've really been passionate
about. One of the first investments I
made in sports drinking company called
Body Armor has been extremely successful
and uh trying to make smart decisions. I
think it's important. It's hard. I mean,
you guys know, you guys seen the stories
before where it's very difficult for
athletes to transition postc career and
uh you got to find things that you're
passionate about. In my situation, you I
found a great partner in Mike Rapoli and
uh we've been able to grow the business
uh pretty quickly. And uh and then the
you know the business of storytelling
which is something else that I'm
extremely extremely extremely uh
passionate about. Yeah. You mentioned
passion. So tell us about your passion
project which will see Sunday on ABC
where you premiere a special project
you've been working on. What can we
expect? Well, you know the the the
challenge was how can I create something
that the entire family will enjoy? Um,
is there a a new voice for storytelling
that, you know, I can sit down with uh
with my daughters and they can actually,
you know, be entertained by it and I
can, you know, teach them sports and
teach them the game of basketball
without feeling like I'm being, you
know, an overbearing parent, overbearing
father. How do I do that? And so I sat
down to write this piece uh in the world
of canvas city. Um, and I teach uh these
lessons through through sport, but also
by using creativity and uh infusing a
little magic as well. How would you
describe yourself, Kobe, as a
storyteller, as a filmmaker?
Well, you know, it's interesting. It's
uh I would say a patient storyteller.
What I mean by that is, you know, you
have to be able to let things develop
and allow the audience to to to make
their own uh conclusions or or come to
their own level of understanding and not
spell everything out. And uh leaving
that room for the viewer, even if um
you're speaking to a 10-year-old kid or
20 or 30, it doesn't matter. We try to
create moving art pieces where that, you
know, the viewer can make their own
conclusions and uh and may feel
differently from viewer to viewer. We're
about uh three weeks away from the
one-year anniversary of your final game
when you dropped 60. I'm not going to
front, I still have it saved uh on my
Direct TV. I'm not deleting that. Uh
what's the best memory from that night
for you? uh having my my family there
and uh you our two daughters and you
know having uh Bianca Bella in the in
the belly but you know our girls had
never seen me perform at that level you
know when I was doing that stuff um you
know they were so little too small to
remember so it felt good for them to
actually be there to actually say you
know my dad was a pretty good basketball
player it wasn't just you know just myth
well uh not only just pretty good maybe
um not maybe you were one of the the
greatest to ever play it. And one of the
things you were known for on top of your
competitive instinct was the fact that
you rarely missed games. And as you
know, uh there's a lot of talk right now
about players resting. And Adam Silver,
uh he has even sent a letter to owners
saying he wants them to be involved in
the decision-making process when it
comes to resting starters. What do you
think about stars resting in the regular
season? Well, I think there there are
certain ways. I mean, listen, it's hard
uh because as fans, you want your team
to win championships. as players, that's
what your focus is to win championships.
So, you try to do everything you can to
to achieve that end result, which means
sometimes missing games. But that being
said, um I think there's ways to come up
with a style of play um in which you can
conserve energy uh picking your spots on
the floor, picking your moments in the
game. There there are ways to get around
that a little bit. Um but that being
said, none of us know how their body
truly feels, right? So, the athlete
ultimately has to make the decision
himself. and um but personally I try to
kind of pick spots and nights where I
knew I didn't have it or I needed to
conserve my legs a little bit. Would you
reduce the number of regular season
games if it were up to you? Well, I mean
that's certainly an option, right? I
think it's uh it's a viable option. You
know, the biggest issue that we all
have, I think, with missing games is
that, you know, what about the the
mother who brings her daughter or the
father who brings a son and so forth to
the game, uh, who have saved up and have
been looking forward to this night, you
know, all season long and they show up
there and their favorite players aren't
performing. You know, that as athletes
you just feel absolutely horrible about.
So if you're reducing the schedule and
players are able to be there every
single night, uh then you minimize
opportunity of that disappointment
happening.